what's going on everybody all right here
we are finally another shoe video I want
to do something little bit different on
the shoe video I want to give a shout
out to the haters out there I want to
make a video for the haters a lot of
people you know let them get under their
skin under your skin other people like
myself just pay no attention to them uh
I figured your time has come for their
own video I mean I I feel bad that they
have to watch my goofy videos and and
then tell me how I wasted their time and
I would like to apologize for you having
to watch that video i really do so i'm
making this video for all the haters out
there so you can have your own little
video and since there are so many i know
i could get 10,000 views on this video
in the first week right just because
there's so many of you out there just
hate the goofiness of my shoe videos so
this one's gonna be just for you you're
welcome here we go when when I'm a
little cry baby and I don't like sit
through your video when when so I'm
gonna watch it and waste my time and
complain about it see I'm whining so
much that my dogs are barking oh the
poor babies where where I know you're
jealous of me having the shoe because
you'll never do anything but sit in
front of your computer and act tough and
if we ever did me you would probably
just pure pants oh poor baby you're so
tough behind a computer screen and you
just hate everything
I'm so sorry that you'll never amount to
nothing in life because you have no
ambition and no drive I know that using
your mind is something you can't do
because can't comprehend what oh I'm
sorry I used a word you didn't
understand it was too many syllables oh
oh my god you probably don't know the
meaning of that word either oh poor
babies when googoo Gaga Gaga googoo I'm
sorry I'm sorry for for making fun of a
25 year old kid who acts like an
eight-year-old sitting in his mama's
basement but don't worry I'll come visit
you when you're homeless when your
parents are dead and you can't make a
living on your own because you're so
miserable and you hate everything oh I'm
so sorry so sorry you have to sit
through all those videos so there you go
from the bottom of my heart that video
is for all the haters out there I felt
your time was come to be to have your
own video so there you go and you're
very welcome thank you